---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

1.) What did you do this past week?

This past week was probably one of the lighter weeks in terms of workload that I have experienced in quite some time. I mentioned last week about my complacency in regards to this class (as well as skipping a few lectures), and I am glad to announce that I made it to every single class : D. 

The bigger story about last week was that it was the deadline for the last phase of the IDB project. I spent quite a bit more time working on styling on this phase. Kristine had been previously handling alot of that aspect, but I though I'd jump into it and give it a go. 

To be honest it was quite a nightmare. I really hadn't touched css since my internship when I was styling my project in accordance with a mockup I had been given from one of our UX people. The worst part about it relating to our project was that I didn't realize that Kristine did the css in a "mobile-first" manner, which yielded some pretty UGLY results initially. After realizing that there was such a thing as "mobile-first" and "desktop-first", the process was alot more enjoyable for me. 

My other responsibilities entailed further elaboration on front-end work on the wiki and setting up the UI search bar  capabilities on the model pages.

2.) What's in your way?

The last hurdle in this class is the exam. I am in a place where I don't have to be extremely worried about the exam, but at the same time I want to put my best foot forward. 

3.) What will you do next week?

This week will be a busy one, but I will try and squeeze in some studying for the exam. Primarily working some problems on self joins and subqueries from my SQL book from Data Management. Other than that I will be saving most of my studying until the final week. 

Tip-of-the-week: I guess somewhat relevant to the class is this awesome Spotify playlist I've been listening too while working on code. It's a chill-house playlist and it has really helped me get in the zone with my work! 

https://open.spotify.com/user/spotify/playlist/6VXeTHZPxzx3SGJvHJj80n

