---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

1) What did you do this past week?

This past week I spent about half my time studying for the SWE exam that we had on Thursday. I prepared by studying the quiz questions on quizlet and also by going back through the book chapters to define terms that were in Dr. Downing’s test prep post on piazza. I also made a github repo with questions from leetcode and other sources that were pretty helpful.

2) What's in your way?

In my way this week is another exam and two projects this week. I’ve had an exam each week for the past 2 weeks, so this will make it three. 


3) What will you do next week?

This week I imagine that I will start forming the rest of my group for the big project in this class and also put up a proposal for the project on piazza. Definitely looking forward to getting started on this!

The test this week was something I was pretty anxious about. The first exam in OOP I did horrific on, so I felt I had something to prove primarily to myself since I felt that I could’ve done much better. The addition of short answers sort of threw me off in my preparation of the exam, but I imagined that these questions would have came from the readings so thats what I prepared with for those. 

In OOP our first exam was solely coding and had a heavy emphasis on using the correct iterator for a particular problem, so I figured that SWE would be somewhat similar. That expectation didn’t hold exactly with reality but what I prepared with for the coding portion still helped nonetheless. 

Overall I thought the exam was pretty fair. It would’ve been nice if we would’ve gone over at least one question similar to the one of the exam questions during class to get our minds working in that direction, but I believe I was able to apply knowledge from other topics to put up a good effort on some of the coding problems. I definitely believe I’ll have a better result with this test compared to the first OOP exam, but time will tell. 

Tip of the week: If you are ever unsure with an answer on stack overflow and are unable to comment due to low rep try clicking on their username. Most people have some type of communication line setup on their profile (IE twitter) where you can shoot them further questions! Take advantage of that when you aren’t necessarily satisfied with the initial answer. 
