---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---



1.) What did you do this past week?
	
This past week I spent most of my time working on Netflix. We underestimated the problem or better said, the potential difficulty in obtaining a RMSE < 1.00 on a subset of probe.txt. After determining our solution was not as robust as we initially imagined, my partner and I went back to the drawing board to attempt to come up with a solution that could do better against the acceptance tests in the public repo. Eventually, we made it to the point of being under .95, but some of our classmates had picked out some pretty brutal subsets of probe. At this point, we decided to cut our losses and just turn in our solution. 

2.) What's in your way?

The only thing in my way is a Software Design exam on Tuesday. Nothing really blocking me that is specific to SWE at this point. 

3.) What will you do next week?

After my Software Design exam, I’ll begin studying for the SWE exam next week. I made the mistake of not preparing adequately for this first exam in OOP, and was demolished by the first exam. I am going to try to not repeat the same mistake twice. However, it is interesting to note that the format will be slightly different than OOP (not just coding), but that could go either way. Looking forward to better results this time around!

This past week in SWE was all about generators/list comprehensions. We had to implement a few generators that had the same behavior of map and reduce, which were relatively simple to implement. I appreciate Dr. Downing pushing us to come with some of these solutions in one line. It really challenges our understanding of what the underlying machinery is doing and why it works while at the same time framing our mind in a more pythonic view. I found myself wasting a huge amount of time yesterday trying to merge elements in a 2D list down to just 1D in a generator. Here is the result: 

Oh and I guess this counts as my tip-of-the-week as well 

    list_test = [["uni", "two"], ["bi", "two"], ["tri", "trippp"]]

    test_gen = (gram for innerList in test_list for gram in innerList) # generator

    print(list(test_gen)) # [“uni”, “two”, “bi”, “two”, “tri”, “trippp”]
