---
layout: post
title: First week of my 2nd Downing course
---
This will be my second course with Dr. Downing. I took Object Oriented Programming last semester, and barely lived to tell about it. There were many missteps along the way, and more detrimental, a lack of focus in many areas. To be more specific, the aforementioned areas included academics, personal relationships, and my own health both mental and physical. I won't delve too deep since afterall this post is suppose to be about my first week in SWE. However, I believe it important to note missteps because they are crucial in formulating a better plan for success while simultaneously perpetuating your motivation to deviate from those previous mistakes.

We were asked to answer the following questions...

1. What did you do this past week?
2. What's in your way?
3. What will you do next week?

In my mind, these are very agile-esque questions. When I interned with athenahealth last summer, every morning our team met up for scrum, which at the simplest level is just a quick meeting for updates. Everyone would go through their updates, but would frame their update in the context of the following questions.

1. What did you do yesterday? 
2. What's in your way? (is there anything that is blocking you from getting done what you need to get done?)
3. What are you working on today? 

Even though my future after graduation is pretty much set in stone, I am excited to learn more from Dr. Downing about being prepared for industry. Something as simple as answering a few questions in a blog post is already prepping our mind for questions that will be asked in industry, but I won't drone on any longer since it's time for my update!

In the past week I have spent quite a bit of time getting organized for this semester. Specifically to this class, I have  done most of the work for the first project and have read a few chapters of Extreme Programming. 

Right now I am blocked by my lack of knowledge with python since my few attempts at optimization (dict and list lazy cache) are still too slow. I imagine that professor will give us some more insight into how to pass on Sphere. Until then, I won't be wasting time on the project (I am taking 4 CS courses; time is valuable).

As soon as some light is shed on possible optimizations, I plan on wrapping up the project up, and METICULOUSLY LOOKING OVER REQUIREMENTS SINCE I RECEIVED LATE POINTS ON THE FIRST OOP PROJECT LAST SEMESTER FOR SUBMITTING A GIT SHA THAT WAS A SNAPSHOT OF AN OLDER POINT OF MY REPO EVEN THOUGH MY REPO HAD ALL THE ARTIFACTS /RANT :D...

Looking forward to the challenges ahead in this semester!

Tip of the Week: Check out this Mac OSX app for managing your Time on projects called Tyme. http://tyme-app.com/mac/
The target market seems to be for people who do freelance work, but is easily applicable to managing time with any aspect of your life!
