---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---


1. What did you do this past week?
This past week my partner and I started working on Netflix. This project has been alot more enjoyable comparable to the
second project in OOP. The general idea is to come up with predictions for users' ratings for different movies. 
Our current algorithm has us near .95 RMSE so not quite at the extra credit.

2. What's in your way?
The lack of caches available initially was in our way, but thanks to the caches that were implemented by other students we have made significant progress. The only other issue in my way is the amount of other projects that I currently have on my plate. It's getting pretty difficult to balance everything.

3. What will you do next week?
This week I'll be working on finishing up on Netflix. Maybe attempt to do something clever to get the extra credit. I'll also be making a bigger focus on finishing the readings and checking up on the google doc.

Class this week was a bit more interesting. One thing I love about Dr. Downing's courses is that he occasionally brings in people from industry to give us a sense of what it is like and what employers are looking for. Other than that we spent most of the remaining class time on discussing some more of the underlying mechanisms of python. There was also a heavy focus on iterators in python, which was also emphasized before the first exam in OOP. Without a doubt, the topics we have gone over this past week will be important for the first exam.

Tip-of-the-week: Check out xDiagram for UML modeling on mac. I have had to do quite a bit of UML work for Software Design and this tool is amazing for it!
