---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

Well this is a bit awkward... I thought last weeks post was the last for this class, but I was mistaken. I am not sure if we are suppose to answer those questions explicitly on this one, so bear with me. 

Last week was a busy one. Many projects and tests that defined the difference between As and Bs. I have gotten the grade back for one of those and it went pretty well so hopeful for the remaining. 

Relevant to this class was the final SWE exam. It was easier than I thought, but I definitely psyched myself out with the SQL questions. I just recalled some of the examples we went over in class, and that made me reach for potentially overcomplex (WRONG) solutions. Besides the SQL, I thought the exam was extremely fair. 

Wednesday of last week was our groups presentation. The previous presentations I had seen were pretty low stress, but even more so on Wednesday. I had to make the trek from Round Rock during rush hour, which was great fun ( - _ - ). The 10AM section was empty except the other groups that had to present. Regardless the size of the audience, it was GREAT finishing that up. It felt like we were finally closing the chapture on such a long journey, and that was extremely satisfying. 

Overall, this class has been one of the more enjoyable experiences compared to the others for a number of reasons. Dr. Downing is a great lecturer, the material is very relevant and interesting, and most importantly we had quite a bit of autonomy in creating our own solutions. When you have that freedom, it makes working on anything 10000% more fun. I would highly recommend this class to any other CS students coming up through our program. It prepares you for the real world in numerous ways some of which you will hate but others that are immensely rewarding counteracting the bad. 
