---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

1.)What did you do this past week?

This past week I experienced a mini heart attack when the presentation schedule was posted with an incorrect order. I am in the 1PM section, but I am with a morning section group. I had scheduled an appointment weeks in advance, and had already confirmed under the impression that my group wasn't presenting until this week. Fortunately, the crisis was averted thanks to the moderately timely adjustments from Dr. Downing (why did you have to make us sweat like that!). Last week I spent most of my time finishing up an app in iOS and worked on a project for intro to security. 

2.) What's in your way?

Those items and along with a software design project worth 3 times the amount of a normal project are what are keeping me from preparing for the SWE exam. I heard that the second exam is quite a bit easier than the first, but I don't want to let my guard down. 

3.) What will you do next week?

It's crazy that this is the last week of college for me. I mean I have acknowledged that fact, but I don't really believe I understand what that really entails just yet. Back to SWE. This week our group is presenting at 10AM on Wednesday morning. AH the commute from Round Rock at that time will NOT be fun : |. I am excited for us to present and close the door on this project. We will most likely meet up Monday or Tuesday and run through everything that we would like to cover. I went to the Friday presentations and it was (seemingly) pretty low pressure. Throughout the week I'll be prepping for the last SWE exam. I think I will spend a good deal of time going over the SQL examples and topics we went over. I believe that's my really only weak point in the content so far. 

Well, I believe this is the last blog post, and I can easily say that this has been one of the more enjoyable classes here at UT. I think I came in much more prepared and focused than I was with OOP, and because of that I want to say that is what made this class fun. I would also attribute some of my happiness with this class to my group for the SWE project. Not only did we create some pretty good content, but we had a great time building it together! I can only hope that whatever team I will be on at athena will have such good chemistry!

Tip-of-the-week: I'll be using the SQL book we used in Cannata's Data Management course. 
The book: https://www.murach.com/shop/murach-s-oracle-sql-and-pl-sql-for-developers-2nd-edition-detail
You can most definitely find a free PDF online pretty easily. 
