1. What did you do this past week?
For this class I primarily reviewed material that we went over during class. Today I finished up the project and looked over all the requirements that I needed for a submission. 

2. What's in your way?
For most of the week, the lack of knowing whether there was an actual problem with sphere or not is what blocked me. Since I am taking four CS classes, I can't really spend countless hours trying to figure something out for "fun". I thought it would be best until I knew if anyone could pass on sphere. Luckily that project requirement was turned into extra credit, so that roadblock came down today.

3. What will you do next week?
Once the canvas form is out, I will go ahead and finish up the submission. However, before I do that I will be sure to check every single requirement to ensure I don't get any silly late points. 

This week in the class was pretty similar to the material we went through in OOP. Towards the end of the week we did talk a bit more in depth about some of the mechanics Python. Specifically how objects are passed(in this case copied) to different functions. Since most of the material has been the same, there hasn't been anything particularly memorable in this class so far. Regardless of the redundancy/overlap in the material, I really enjoy how Dr. Downing makes lectures not so much lectures but stories. Typically, he will end on a big key point that will have your mind thinking the rest of the day. I appreciate talks/lectures of this nature since it keeps me more engaged. Hopefully the content will start diverging soon since I am extremely excited to get more familiar with python, js, and other web technologies. 

Tip-of-the-week:
Check out https://www.jetbrains.com/student/ for some pretty sweet IDEs for free
