---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

1.) What did you do this past week?

I did a moderate amount of work for this class during this past week. I worked with some of my group on configuring docker and getting our static site up and running. We ran into quite a few frustrations along the way, but eventually got it up. It is pretty cool to be able to show our work with friends in an instant by having them visit our URL. 

I also have been working through a tutorial on both flask and angular. Since I will be floating between front and back, I thought it wise to spend some time investing in learning both technologies sooner rather than later.

2.)What's in your way?

Lack of motivation. It’s Spring Break. I look through snapchat and other social media to see friends of mine relaxing and enjoying this “break”, but I won’t get to do that. I have three projects due on the week after Spring Break concludes. Even with these facts, I feel my motivation to tackle some of the work waining. Even as I am typing this post up I am browsing through forums or looking at games I’d like to play for the break…

3.)What will you do next week?

I am going try to set small/incremental goals to help me push through the issues that need to be tackled for the first phase of this project. I also think I will give myself a day or two of no work to ease my frustration. Lastly I will continue to follow along the course that Dr. Downing posted in piazza. https://www.coursera.org/learn/learning-how-to-learn 

This coursera course is extremely relevant to all of us in SWE right now. In the next few weeks we will be attempting to learn many new tools in a short amount of time. Learning something new always more exhausting than working on tools that you are comfortable with, but this course seems to provide a structured and scientific approach to getting around that fatigue. 

Tip-of-the-week: Treat yourself. It’s Spring Break. Take one or two days off to keep the motivation alive!
