---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


1. What did you do this past week?
This past week I finished up Collatz early in the week (Sunday). I didn't touch the project again until Thursday just to verify the repo and artifacts were in the correct state. After nervously checking the repo about 5 times I turned it in. 

I am definitely beginning to fall behind on the readings/reviewing class notes in the evenings. I told myself I'd make this a habit, but I just have so many projects going on I have to put high priority && due soon tasks in front of the low priority even through they may be more valuable in the long run. 

2. What's in your way?

Primarily the volume of projects that I am having to keep up along side this class. The only thing that's keeping my schedule all together is the fact that I have been giving up weekends in order to start the projects early.

3. What will you do next week?

This week I will be starting Netflix. I have already set aside some time tomorrow to work with my partner for about two hours on this assignment. In addition to this project, I will be attempting to juggle the other two that are due this week. One is almost done and the other I begin working on tomorrow. 

The most exciting thing about this class the past week was getting my collatz submission past the vetting process. In OOP, I received late points, so I was REALLY REALLY trying to avoid repeating the same mistakes. An aside, I did have a bad dream about my submission being rejected Saturday night, so that just kind of underscores my nervousness on the submission process for this class. I believe it truly comes down to the fact that you really need to fight for every point in this class. 

Tip of the week: The projects/quizzes/exams do not get easier, so if there is anything that you don't believe is right/fair, fight for it. Don't wait until the end of the semester where you bring your laundry list of frustrations/missed opportunities to Dr. Downing expecting some type of recompense. 
