---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---


1.) What did you do this past week?

During this past week I didn't accomplish much for this class. I've grown a little lazy as we approach the final stretch. I skipped two classes this past week so I feel that I am digging myself into a hole for the last exam. From what I have heard is that the second exam is a bit easier but I can't let that idea get me any more complacent than I've already become.
I have exactly 3 exams and 4 projects left in my college career, and I need to reprioritize this class so that I can finish strong. I've done well enough to coast through the rest of the semester, but making an A in a Downing course would be a great accomplishment to end my time here at UT.

2.) What's in your way?

I have already touched on what's in my way, but for clarity's sake , short end of semester laziness and complacency. 

3.) What will you do next week?

Well this week is the deadline for the last phase of the IDB project. I don't think we are as far along as we have been with previous deadlines. Today I will be knocking out all other work that's due this week so that I can be free to meet up with my group and make solid progress on our remaining tasks. For this phase, I'll primarily be staying on the frontend with Kristine setting up the search bars and their functionalities. From what I've heard from our backend team, they have a good insight on how they are going to make it work. I'll be checking out their code so that I have a decent idea about how all of this is working.

I am running out of tips of the week... 

Tip-of-the-week:Kind of relevant to what I touched on... Mark Manson has some great articles on human nature and just general introspection that can help you sort out some issues you may be struggling with! http://markmanson.net/procrastination
