---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

1.) What did you do this past week?

The past week I juggled working on four different projects and prepping for an exam. The most relevant project being the second phase of the SWE IDB project. This portion heavily consisted of backend work, so there was less for me to do. I was primarily responsible for setting up Carina and fixing front end work associated with our Artist data model. Our overall experience with this phase was pretty enjoyable and integrating the backend with the front was almost seamless. The work that was put in during phase one really set us up for success. We (Kristine and I) knew exactly what data we needed for the websites' phase 1 functionality, so we were able communicate those requirements to our backend squad. Working with this group has been one of my better experiences with group projects at UT!

2.) What's in your way?

The only item in my way has to do with the new SQL material we've been going over. I missed a class day last week, and I feel a mile behind now. Friday I was absolutely sweating because I am a bit rusty on things like subqueries, self joins, and other SQL operations. 

3.) What will you do next week?

This week I will spend time praticing last weeks material on a toy SQL DB since it is never too early to start prepping for the exam. As soon as we get the new specs for phase 3, I'll get going on work for that. This next week will be relatively low pressure so I want to put as much work in when I know that I am free to do so. 


Tip-of-the-week: This is a pretty nice feature for a search bar, which I have heard we will have to implement. I don't know if typeahead functionality is require for the final phase, but it doesn't seem to difficult to implement either way!

http://angular-ui.github.io/bootstrap/#/typeahead

