---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

1.) What did you do this past week?

This past week was a moderately busy one, but not in terms of this class. In addition to going over json and xml this past week, we had Steve Ronderos from Atlassian come by and give us a talk about Hipchat which is the product he works on. I definitely enjoy the culture that Atlassian exudes. It seems like a great place to work, so maybe that could be an option down the road. 

We spent two lectures on xml, json, and a pinch of Regex. I am not too sure why we are going over XML. I haven't seen it much/at all in any web dev I have done nor did I see it at athena. It just looks atrocious and way too verbose. It's unfortunate that I will probably have to be tested on that material. The lecture on json and regex was quite a bit more interesting, and potentially a lot more relevant to what I may run into in industry.  

2.) What's in your way?

Everything. This without a doubt will be the hardest week of the semester. Three huge project deadlines and an exam. 
In regards to this class, I spent a portion of last week being blocked by my Intro to Security project, which in turn made me fall out of the loop a bit. For the first phase, I was much more in the loop, but now I am struggling to determine where everyone is at and what needs to be done.

3.) What will you do next week?

Hopefully survive. Tomorrow my group and me will be meeting up to start transitioning from the spotify/echonest hooks to our DB hooks. If all goes well then we should be in a really good place for finishing everything on Thursday. If not, well we will have to figure it out, and that just means I get less time to prepare for my iOS class and my exam. If all goes well I'll be able to talk about my triump over this week, next week. 

Tip-of-the-week: You can create a proxy for your carina db container so that you can connect via your favorite SQL client through this command...

docker run -it --rm \
--name temp-proxy \
--net <yourBackEnd> \
--publish 3306:3306 \
--env PROTOCOL=TCP \
--env UPSTREAM=<yourDB> \
--env UPSTREAM_PORT=3306 \
carinamarina/nginx-proxy

docker network ls 

will show you the list of networks... ours was:cs373idb_backend
