---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

1. What did you do this past week?
For this class there wasn’t too much that needed to be done. I ended up making a quizlet set based off of all the quiz questions. Throughout the week I stayed up to date on class notes and the google doc which led to a better performance on the quizzes. 

2. What's in your way?
A mountain of work is in my way currently. We have the exam. I have two projects due this week one Wednesday and the other Friday. The former should be more thought intensive since it is designing a mockup for my iOS class. Programming is generally not too bad, but design seems to take so much more mental effort so that should interrupt my studying for this exam quite a bit. 

3. What will you do next week?
This week will be one of the most challenging weeks so far in the semester, so I am still trying to work out a plan. I have spent most of the day attempting to prioritize tasks for the week, but it seems as though it will still come down to the wire on most of the high priority items this week. 
Specifically in regards to preparation for the exam, I have created a quizlet set for the exam, and also created a 5 question quiz to help prep for the programming portion of the exam. I’ll be working on going over these items while juggling my 3 other CS classes. 

This past week in SWE was pretty straightforward. We had gone over some python features for function declarations and method invocation specifically dealing with parameters. 

What was really interesting in my opinion was the speaker we had from Mutual Mobile that came on Wednesday. He spoke about quite a few iOS technologies/libraries that could be VERY relevant and helpful for my final project in the class. This got me extremely excited to look into these options further, but I have yet to do so with the mountain of work ahead of me. After the presentation, I introduced myself to Conrad Stoll (from MM) but was SUCH a CS major. I dominated the conversation (if you could even call it that) while barely letting him get a word in. I was asking if he would mind if I shot him some questions regarding my iOS project, but didn’t even ask if he did iOS or Android dev at MM. Typically I have a bit more social prowess than that, but I digress. 

Before I conclude for the week, I’d like to reiterate the fact that I extremely enjoy how Dr. Downing brings in people from industry. I know the talk may have not appealed to everyone but it made me very enthusiastic towards the work to be done for my project, which is super important in maintaining motivation for all the work I have piling up.

Tip-of-the-week: Be very comfortable with the implementation of RangeIterator and Range. These two examples were heavily weighted on the first OOP exam, so it is imperative that you be extremely comfortable with hem.  
