---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

1.)What did you do the past two weeks?

I thought I'd back up to include the week of Spring Break as well since I didn't have much of one. 
However, I did put in quite a bit of time into the project during this period. Getting started with a project like IDB is a bit overwhelming at first since there is a vast amount of new technologies you have to become familiar in a short amount of time. This kind of reminded me of my first few weeks at my internship, but since I had been exposed to a similar situation before I caught onto everything quicker.

There were a few issues that I ran into, but the primary one was determining where the responsibilities of flask end and where Angularjs' began. I experienced countless headaches during Spring Break with routing and template rendering in particular. Eventually my mental model of these technologies became sturdier and I could move quicker and get more done. 

Fastforward through the rest of SpringBreak and we arrive at the week of the deadline. It was a pretty intense week with three project deadlines to hit, but it all worked out with only minor sleep deprivation. I am extremely happy with the work that my team accomplished, and how well we all worked together. I had a great time meeting up with everyone and finishing off the final pieces. It was extremely satisfying to see such an enormous amount of work come together into a solid final product.

2.) What's in your way?

There is not much in my way this week, but next week will be another difficult one. I guess if there was one thing blocking me it would be my Software Design midterm that is slated for 4/7.

3.) What will you do next week?

This week I will begin trying to plan/communicate the next steps that we need to take in order to get the ball rolling on phase 2. We did a lot of work on the frontend, but I don't want to get too complacent and end up scrambling at the end. I don't really handle that very well as I have learned.

Tip-of-the-week: Materialize is a front-end framework that one of my buddies was using for his site. It looks to have some pretty nice features that could be integrated well with our website to make it seem more polished. Check it out!
http://materializecss.com/
